# 4/11/2021 (Kickoff, Contract, Branding)
Meeting held over Zoom from 6-6:50PM PST

Team 30 - Cool Beans
## Attendance (Present)
Thet Paing Zaw

Andrew Pham

Sonika Ram

Angus Yick

Eric Jin

Ikjoon Park

Joe Ikedo

Nataly Buhr
##  Agenda
### Previous Meeting 
(Group Bonding, 04/09/2021 from 6 - 6:50PM PST)

Held personal introductions, thought of potential group names (Penultimate Programmer Posse, Cool Beans, Insert Team Name Here), played a couple rounds of Trivia Murder Party.

Decided to meet again on 04/11/2021 at 6PM PST for Kickoff meeting.

### Kickoff (6 - 6:30)
Discussed team contract, how to structure team, weekly meetings: 
- Team contract details information on individual roles, responsibilities of these roles, team goals and expectations, as well as repercussions and follow-up behavior for team failures. 
- We plan for Cool Beans to be a team that values learning, communication, and transparency, and to provide ample opportunities for members to switch roles and contribute to all aspects of development. 
- Regular, weekly meetings will be held on Sundays at 6PM PST; additional meetings may be called at other points in the week based on availability (as dictated by when2meet schedules).

All members have agreed to put forth their best effort and let others know when they are struggling (or can afford to take up more responsibilities). All members understand that a lack of effort, communication, etc. can lead to private follow-ups from other members and team leads, or in the worst case, reports to the TA/professor.


### Branding (6:30 - 6:50)
- Members have agreed on the team name "Cool Beans."
- Workspace icon will feature beans in the shape of the number 30 (team number). Joe has offered to work on icon.
- Team page will aim to reflect the relaxed and supportive culture of the team. Eric, Joe, and Ikjoon have offered to work on team page.
- Team video will follow a Smash Bros format with an opening slide detailing team goals and expectations. Subsequent slides will introduce individual team members and their roles in the "A new challenger approaches!" style. Nataly and Joe have offered to work on video.
- All members are encouraged to make suggestions and edits as they find appropriate. Team members who haven't chosen a specific item to work on may be called on to help with anything.

### Completed Tasks
-  Determined group name, values, roles.
-  Set forth expectations and responsibilities for individual group members
-  Determined a regular meeting time

### Tasks to be Completed
- Team leads will work on setting up the team repo (expect to have it completed by morning on 04/12/2021)
- Team members should submit their github usernames on slack to be added to the repo by midnight on 04/11/2021
- Team members should submit photos of themselves, preferred colors, and preferred sound effects for the team video by midnight on 04/12/2021 (available colors/sound effects are visible in the project-ideas slack channel)
- Team members should submit personal github page links for the team page by midnight on 04/12/2021
- Next planned meeting is to be held on 04/18/2021 at 6PM PST. Additional meetings may be called prior to this date to check in on team page/video progress and to allow for opportunities to discuss other ideas/concerns.
