# 04/14/2021 (Course Questions, GitHub Rules)
Meeting held over Zoom from 2:15-2:47PM PST

Team 30 - Cool Beans
## Attendance (Present)
Andrew Pham

Angus Yick

Eric Jin

Ikjoon Park

Joe Ikedo

Nataly Buhr

Paarth Neekhara (TA)

Sonika Ram

Thet Zaw
##  Agenda
### Previous Meeting 

(Kickoff & Branding, 04/11/2021 from 6 - 6:50PM PST)
Discussed team contract, how to structure team, and weekly meeting schedule.

Set goals to complete branding/contract/kickoff assignments by the posted deadlines on Canvas.

### Course Questions/General Information

Points raised by the TA:

- Our final project will be graded not only based on the quality of the end product, but also on our documentation of the software engineering process. It's especially important to track our decisions now that we're working in a team, so we can remain organized and efficient.
- As we continue through the course, the professor will give more clarification as to what is expected to be in the final repository. For now we should focus on not just maintaining code, but also documentation, team resources, etc.
- Towards the end of the course, TAs will grade the project as a whole. Depending on individual contributions (as evidenced by documentation, comments, etc. in the repo), any one team member's grade can be changed. Therefore the entire group may not necessarily receive the same grade.
- We're free to determine architecture (whether we want to be server-based or client-based) for our project. However we should refrain from using frameworks such as React for the front-end (we should stick to basic JavaScript, jQuery, etc.).

Questions from the team:
- How should we handle discussion sections from now on?
    - Discussion will still be held in the scheduled 1-hr slot for Mondays (4 - 4:50PM PST).
    - Since the TA oversees multiple teams, members from different groups can be present during the discussion. For group-specific sessions, we can schedule ad-hoc meetings or have the TA join us for our weekly meetings on Sundays (6PM PST).
    - Anyone is allowed to attend discussion and represent the team; not just team leads.
- What should we do about empty folders not showing up in our GitHub repository?
    - Create empty files in the folders for the time being.


### GitHub Rules

The downside to a private group repository is that anyone can push to the main branch. To avoid conflicts (pushing bugged code, something that doesn't match the project vision, etc.) we will make changes in separate branches and submit pull requests before merging with the main branch.

Note that items such as meeting minutes, which don't necessarily require a second team member's check-off, can be pushed directly to the main branch. If there's any confusion about whether something can be pushed to main or requires a new branch, one should consult with the rest of the team first (either by slack or in a meeting).

(A pull-request channel will be made in the group's slack workspace to notify other members of pull requests and meeting minutes pushes.)

## Tasks

### Completed Tasks
- Team repository was created.
- Determined rules for pushing changes to the GitHub repository.
- Team video has been pushed to the repository.
- All members should have made their submissions for the Group Bonding Event on Canvas by now, as the screenshot has been available for some time in the slack workspace.
- Submission for the Group Kickoff has been completed on Canvas; Andrew made the submission on behalf of all team members.

### Tasks to be Completed
- All team members should take a screenshot of the signed contracts in cse110-sp21-group30/admin/misc/ and submit to the Group Contract assignment on Canvas before 04/15/2021 at midnight.
- Final edits to the group page should be completed by 04/14/2021 at midnight.

Note: Branding assignment most likely will not require a submission on Canvas, waiting for follow-up from TA on this.
