# 05/02/2021 (Developing the Pitch)
Meeting held over Zoom from 6-8PM PST

Team 30 - Cool Beans
## Attendance (Present)
Andrew Pham

Angus Yick

Eric Jin

Ikjoon Park

Joe Ikedo

Nataly Buhr

Sonika Ram

Thet Zaw
##  Agenda
### Previous Meeting 

(Brainstorm, 04/25/2021 from 6-7:25PM PST)

Continued brainstorming ways to implement the back- and front-end of the project, with a specific focus on the topics addressed in the "Brainstorming Activity" assignment.

### Pitch

In this meeting we began developing our pitch. The pitch document can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ExBDNHG9SBUTBGTsQbV3DHKO70P84VPNExgQ0wMKCBI/edit?usp=sharing), and the wireframe diagrams can be found [here](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/xEjNbDzwnPN2uFbnz2TrnxIePTmag5zt7uCKgOwYhTcqg6pOArkQRlkKpOmtac2b).

The pitch document incorporates many of the ideas and decisions covered in previous brainstorm meetings. The document contains more specifics, but our team has decided to proceed with the following vision for the project: 

- The design will be minimalistic but clean, as we intend to prioritize ease of use.
- The targeted audience are individuals looking for an application that will help them quickly note down/access task lists, deadlines, etc.
    - We expect that most of our users will be familiar with markdown, or otherwise will have the sufficient technology skills to use markdown elements (headers, links, etc.) based on hints/tutorials we provide.
- The application will provide a high degree of flexibility so that users are able to implement a journaling style that suits their aesthetic and organizational preferences (still with a focus on rapid logging and organization of tasks/events as opposed to mood tracking, diary keeping, etc.).

## Tasks

### Completed Tasks

- Completed the majority of the pitch assignment (defining the problem, identifying rabbit holes, exploring solutions, statement of purpose).

### Tasks to be Completed
- Eric, Joe, Sonika, and Angus are responsible for creating user personas prior to the meeting.
- Nataly, Ikjoon, Andrew, and Thet are responsible for finalizing the wireframe diagrams.
- All members should review the wireframe diagrams and pitch document prior to the next meeting (scheduled for 6PM PST on 05/03/2021) and be equipped to suggest improvements (if deemed necessary).
