# 05/03/2021 (Finalizing the Pitch)
Meeting held over Zoom from 6-7PM PST

Team 30 - Cool Beans
## Attendance (Present)
Andrew Pham

Angus Yick

Eric Jin

Joe Ikedo

Nataly Buhr

Sonika Ram

Thet Zaw
##  Agenda
### Previous Meeting 

(Developing the Pitch, 05/02/2021 from 6-8PM PST)

Began building the pitch document and wireframe diagrams for the "Starting Pitch" assignment on Canvas. The pitch document can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ExBDNHG9SBUTBGTsQbV3DHKO70P84VPNExgQ0wMKCBI/edit?usp=sharing), and the wireframe diagrams can be found [here](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/xEjNbDzwnPN2uFbnz2TrnxIePTmag5zt7uCKgOwYhTcqg6pOArkQRlkKpOmtac2b).

### Pitch
User stories and additional wireframe diagrams were approved by all members and added to the pitch document. Use cases/user stories and system diagrams were also added to the document.

### Division of Labor
Front-end and back-end developers went into separate breakout rooms to discuss goals and plans for future front/back-specific meetings. Both groups plan to meet separately on 05/06/2021 to begin laying the groundwork for the project.

## Tasks

### Completed Tasks

- Completed the remainder of the pitch assignment (user personas, wireframe, use cases, system diagrams).

### Tasks to be Completed
- Team members working on the front-end will meet on 05/06/2021 at 6:30PM PST to develop a skeleton for the project's UI. This entails:
    - A functional monthly tab (which can accept user input and has interactive features, but doesn't actually store input)
    - Empty past, future, and custom tabs
    - A nonfunctional login page
- Additionally, team members working on the front-end should study GET/POST requests and be prepared to add to a conversation on them during this meeting.
- Team members working on the back-end will meet on 05/06/2021 at 7PM PST to make a final decision on which database to employ (this has already been narrowed down to either AWS, DynamoDB, or MongoDB), establish endpoints, and begin handlin GET and POST requests.
    - This time and date may change as Ikjoon's availability still needs to be confirmed.
