# 05/07/2021 (Front-end Group Coding Part 2)
Meeting held over Zoom from 3:15-6:20PM PST

Team 30 - Cool Beans
## Attendance (Present)
Andrew Pham

Angus Yick

Nataly Buhr

Sonika Ram

Thet Zaw
##  Agenda
### Previous Meeting 

(Front-end Group Coding, 05/06/2021 from 6:30-8:45PM PST)

Front-end developers began testing out ways to implement the basic wireframe laid out in previous meetings.

### Front-end Coding Session
Front-end developers continued testing ways to implement the project wireframe, this time with a focus on modeling user input and POST requests.

## Tasks

### Completed Tasks

- Experimented with more ways to handle movement between tabs, and changes in display according to which tab was selected.
- Tested the handling of POST requests with local storage.

### Tasks to be Completed
- On Sunday's meeting (with the full team) we should consider how rigid we want our code styling and documentation (comments) to be.
- The front-end still needs to implement a more refined prototype for the project application. After these past two coding sessions we are well-equipped to handle changing the display according to the selected tab, so now our main concerns are:
    - How to implement the text editor
        - Do we still want the user to provide journal contents in Markdown format, and simply display the formatted text in the "view" pop-up? If so, we need to consider whether we want to allow the user to highlight portions of text and apply bullet points, strikethrough, etc. with buttons we provide (in which case further research is needed so we can learn how to implement this functionality).
        - Do we want to make use of "contenteditable" attribute (in which case the user could input formatted text with keyboard shortcuts and buttons we provide)? contenteditable changes the innerHTML of an element, which we can grab and store as a string. Since the changes are implemented as HTML elements, it would be easy to apply specific types of bullet points, highlighted text, etc. However, contenteditable is considered deprecated as its behavior is buggy when applied to specific HTML elements (div and p appear to work well, span reportedly has unpredictable behavior).
    - Aesthetic improvements; we have yet to apply our logo and make other visual improvements to the application.
- Front-end developers should also be prepared to discuss the CI/CD Pipeline and Internal Documentation (ADR) Canvas assignments on Sunday's meeting.
