# 05/17/2021 (Sprint 1 Review)
Meeting held over Zoom from 7:30-8PM PST

Team 30 - Cool Beans
## Attendance
Andrew Pham

Angus Yick

Eric Jin

Ikjoon Park

Joe Ikedo

Nataly Buhr

Sonika Ram

Thet Zaw
## Overview
During the retrospective meeting we aimed to gather feedback from all members on our last sprint and ways to improve future sprints. Below are the topics covered and points brought up by members.

### Front-end Thoughts, Comments, and Concerns
Thet:

Coding in a large group made it easier to get immediate feedback and resolve any gaps in knowledge quickly.

Nataly:

Coding in a large group has the benefits that Thet mentioned, but it can be difficult to keep the group on task when multiple people are working on the same elements and trying to add their own flair to the application.

Sonika: 

It can be difficult to differentiate between others' and your own changes/additions to the CSS or HTML, especially when using LiveShare as it tends to lag. You also have to take care not to introduce bugs that can break someone else's code as they're trying to view it on a local server.

Angus:

Agreed with the above; believes there are pros and cons to coding in large groups, and additional features probably won't require as many of these sessions.

### Back-end Thoughts, Comments, and Concerns
Andrew: 

The backend spent the first part of the sprint discussing localStorage; most of the coding happened towards the end. He looks forward to being able to code more in future sprints.

Joe:

Was glad to have Andrew's support with researching localStorage and discussing ways to implement the project back-end.

Ikjoon: 

Thought the back-end devs were coordinated and focused. Appreciated everyone's input on how to store BuJo data.

Eric:

Looks forward to being able to implement interactive features in future sprints.

### Take-Away
Most members are content with the progress made so far, but agree that we'll need to be more efficient in order to implement all the features we have planned for our project.

### Changes to Implement in Future Sprints
- We'll likely have one more large coding session to hammer down the basics of bullet points (how to store, retrieve, and display them, and handle interactions between the front- and back-ends). This will (hopefully) be the last large coding session we have as we intend to have developers working on different features in pairs or small groups to boost efficiency. The first two large coding sessions should have established a solid foundation for us to integrate additional features.
- We'll likely set aside a certain amount of time in the remaining weekly meetings for members to present any features they've worked on in-depth and discuss project concerns.
- Going forward, Andrew and Joe will be the main pull request reviewers to ensure we can get code approved in a timely fashion. All members are still expected to stay on top of changes to the repo and flag down any code that they find concerning.
- As future sprints will involve interactive features, we will set up unit tests where possible and consider adding e2e and pixel tests as well.
- When pull requests and approved and branches are merged, the merged branch will be deleted to avoid cluttering the repository and generating confusion about where to submit changes.
