# 05/23/2021 (Pitch, Github Issues, & CI/CD Pipeline)
Meeting held over Zoom from 6-8PM PST

Team 30 - Cool Beans
## Attendance (Present)
Andrew Pham

Angus Yick

Eric Jin

Ikjoon Park

Joe Ikedo

Nataly Buhr

Sonika Ram

Thet Zaw
## Agenda
### Previous Meeting

(2nd Group Coding Session, 05/20/2021 from 7:30-10PM PST)

The front- and back-end worked together to implement a basic bullet point component that can be loaded up from localStorage or generated from user input (gathered from the editor).

### Pitch
Sonika updated the last of the ADRs prior to the meeting so the group was able to focus on updating our pitch document to suit our revised design for the project. The new pitch can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IRI2rSO894VNbQRePgtDU5qQqzVEhvLyz1Klabf1MbA/edit) and will be posted to the repository shortly after these minutes.

### Issues
The group worked together to compile a list of features and known bugs that will be turned into Github issues after the meeting. Members can and should still continue to add issues beyond those discussed in the meeting as we encounter new bugs or find that we have enough time left to implement new features. Individuals or smaller teams should "claim" an issue by noting that they are working on it in the slack 'general' channel. This is to avoid a situation where two people unknowingly work on the same feature.

### Pipeline
The group decided that we should prioritize implementing unit tests for our interactions with localStorage over linters, code coverage reports, etc. The backend team, along with Thet and Nataly, will meet again by Tuesday to create these unit tests and automate them with Github Actions.

### Other
- Nataly will be acting as a team lead for the remainder of the project
- As we splinter off into smaller groups to complete certain features, members are encouraged to designate a notetaker within these groups and have them submit meeting minutes to the repository. Nataly will continue to be the designated notetaker for regular Sunday meetings and any other meetings involving the full group.

## Tasks

### Completed Tasks
- All the pitch and ADR documents have been updated
- We've created a list of issues, and a system for tracking who is working on which issue

### Tasks to be Completed
- Complete phase 2 of the CI/CD Pipeline
- Continue to work on the main project
